[Hackweek 2023] Experimental Vale config (#7696)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/integrate-frontend/configure-scms.mdx

<Include name="only-error-issues-note.mdx" />

> Sentry uses commit metadata from your source code repositories to help you resolve your issues faster. This is done by suggesting _suspect commits_ that might have introduced an error right in your **Issue Details** page. It also allows Sentry to display _suggested assignees_ - the list of the authors of those commits - and suggest their assignment to resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry uses commit metadata from your source code repositories to help you resolve your issues faster. This is done by suggesting _suspect commits_ that might have introduced an error right in your **Issue Details** page. It also allows Sentry to display _suggested assignees_ (a list of the authors of those commits), and to suggest that they be assigned to help resolve the issue.
```
